ITEM 1.  BUSINESS
 
     The Coca-Cola Company (the "Company" or the "Registrant") was incorporated
in September 1919 under the laws of the State of Delaware and succeeded to the
business of a Georgia corporation with the same name that had been organized in
1892. The Company is the largest manufacturer, marketer and distributor of
carbonated soft drink concentrates and syrups in the world. Its soft drink
products, sold in the United States since 1886, are now sold in more than 195
countries around the world and are the leading carbonated soft drink products in
most of these countries. Within the last two years, the Company has gained entry
into several countries such as Romania and India. The Company also manufactures,
produces, markets and distributes juice and juice drink products.
 
SOFT DRINKS
 
  General Business Description
 
     The Company manufactures soft drink concentrates and syrups, which it sells
to bottling and canning operations, and manufactures fountain/post-mix soft
drink syrups, which it sells to authorized fountain/post-mix wholesalers and
some fountain/post-mix retailers. Syrups are composed of sweetener, water and
flavoring concentrate. Bottling and canning operations, whether independent or
Company-owned, combine the syrup with carbonated water or combine the
concentrate with sweetener and carbonated water, and package the final soft
drink product in authorized cans, refillable and non-refillable glass bottles
and plastic containers for sale to retailers. Fountain/post-mix wholesalers sell
soft drink syrups to fountain/post-mix retailers, who sell soft drinks to
consumers in cups and glasses.
 
     The Company's soft drink products, including bottled and canned beverages
produced by independent and Company-owned bottling and canning operations, as
well as concentrates and syrups, include Coca-Cola, Coca-Cola classic, 
caffeine free Coca-Cola, caffeine free Coca-Cola classic, diet Coke 
(sold under the trademark Coke light in many territories outside the United 
States), caffeine free diet Coke, cherry Coke, diet cherry Coke, Sprite, 
diet Sprite, Mr. PiBB, Mello Yello, Fanta brand soft drinks, 
Hi-C brand fruit drinks, TAB, caffeine free TAB, TAB Clear, Fresca, PowerAde, 
Minute Maid soft drinks and other products developed for specific markets, 
including Georgia brand coffee, a non-carbonated drink. 
Coca-Cola Nestle Refreshments ("CCNR"), the Company's 50% joint venture with 
Nestle S.A., produces ready-to-drink teas and coffees.
 
     The Company's soft drink products accounted for 87% of the Company's net
operating revenues in 1993 and 1992 and 86% in 1991. Soft drink products
accounted for 96% of the Company's operating income in 1993, 1992 and 1991. In
1993, products bearing the trademark "Coca-Cola" accounted for approximately 73%
of the soft drink operations' gallon shipments worldwide.
 
     In 1993, sales of the Company's soft drink products in the United States
accounted for approximately 31% of the Company's soft drink gallon shipments. In
1993, the Company's principal markets outside the United States, in terms of
gallon shipments, were Mexico, Germany, Japan and Brazil, which together
accounted for approximately 40% of the remaining 69% of soft drink gallon
shipments. Net operating revenues outside the United States, including an
immaterial amount from Coca-Cola Foods, were 67% of net operating revenues in
1993 and 1992 and 64% in 1991. Operating income attributable to soft drink
products outside the United States amounted to 79% of total operating income
from all geographic areas in 1993, 80% in 1992 and 79% in 1991.
 
     In 1993, the Company made approximately 64% of its gallon shipments of soft
drink concentrates and syrups in the United States to bottlers in approximately
397 licensed territories. Those bottlers prepare and sell the products for the
food store and vending machine distribution channels and for other distribution
channels supplying home and on-premise consumption. The remaining 36% was sold
to fountain/post-mix retailers and to approximately 1,000 authorized
fountain/post-mix wholesalers, some of whom are bottlers, who in turn sold the
syrup to restaurants and other fountain/post-mix retailers, including fast food
restaurants. Coca-Cola
<PAGE>   3
 
Enterprises Inc. ("Coca-Cola Enterprises") and its bottling subsidiaries and
divisions account for approximately 36% of the Company's total gallon shipments
of soft drink concentrates and syrups sold in the United States. The Company
holds an approximate 43.5% ownership interest in Coca-Cola Enterprises, which is
the world's largest bottler of Company soft drink products. Outside the United
States, soft drink concentrate was sold to independently owned bottling and
canning operations and to Company-owned operations.
 
     In the United States, approximately 75% of the Company's fountain/post-mix
syrups are sold through national or regional retail chains. The remaining 25% of
the Company's fountain/post-mix syrups are sold through local outlets, which
account for approximately 50% of the total number of retail fountain/post-mix
outlets that sell the Company's fountain/post-mix products.
 
     In addition to conducting its own independent advertising and marketing
activities, the Company may provide promotional and marketing services and
consultation to its bottlers and fountain/post-mix customers. It may also
develop and introduce new products, packages and equipment in order to assist
its bottlers, fountain/post-mix wholesalers and fountain/post-mix retailers.
 
     The profitability of the Company's business outside the United States is
subject to many factors, including governmental trade regulations, monetary
policies, economic conditions in the countries in which such business is
conducted and the risk of changes in currency exchange rates and regulations.
 
  Agreements with Bottlers and Fountain Wholesalers of Soft Drink Products
 
     The bottling subsidiaries and divisions of Coca-Cola Enterprises and
bottlers for 71 other territories in the United States have entered into
substantially similar bottling contracts (the form of these contracts being
referred to herein individually as the "1987 Contract") with the Company which
differ from some other bottling contracts in force between the Company and its
bottlers in the United States. The 1987 Contract grants exclusive territorial
rights to manufacture, market and distribute beverages bearing the trademarks
"Coca-Cola" or "Coke" ("Coca-Cola Trademark Beverages") and provides that
bottlers purchase all concentrates and syrups for Coca-Cola Trademark Beverages
from the Company at prices and with terms of payment and other terms and
conditions of supply as determined from time to time by the Company. The 1987
Contract is perpetual, subject to termination by the Company in the event of
default. Events of default include: (1) bottlers' insolvency, dissolution,
receivership or the like; (2) any disposition by bottlers or any of their
bottler subsidiaries of any voting securities of any bottler subsidiary without
the consent of the Company; and (3) any material breach of any obligation under
the 1987 Contract. The Company has the right to terminate the 1987 Contract of
any bottler if a person or affiliated group acquires or obtains any right to
acquire beneficial ownership of more than 10% of any class or series of voting
securities of the bottler unless authorized by the Company. The Company has
agreed with Coca-Cola Enterprises, Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated
("Consolidated") and Swire Pacific Limited ("Swire") that this provision will
not apply with respect to the ownership of any class or series of voting
securities of Coca-Cola Enterprises, Consolidated or Swire, or any corporation,
not a direct or indirect subsidiary of Swire, owning stock in Swire. The Company
has no obligation under the 1987 Contract to participate with bottlers in
expenditures for advertising and marketing, but it may, at its discretion,
contribute such expenditures and undertake independent advertising and marketing
activities, as well as cooperative advertising and sales promotion programs.
Under the 1987 Contract, each bottler is obligated to cause any United States
bottler of which it acquires control, to amend that bottler's contract for
Coca-Cola Trademark Beverages to conform to the terms of the 1987 Contract. The
1987 Contract is not assignable without the prior consent of the Company. The
1987 Contract has been signed by bottlers representing approximately 74% of
domestic gallon shipments for bottled and canned beverages, including Coca-Cola
Enterprises which represents approximately 54% of domestic gallon shipments for
bottled and canned beverages.
 
     Prior to 1978, contracts with bottlers in the United States provided for a
fixed price for the sale of Coca-Cola syrup used in bottles and cans, subject to
quarterly adjustments to reflect changes in the quoted price of sugar. By
December 31, 1993, bottlers representing approximately 98% of the Company's
Coca-Cola bottler gallon shipments in the United States were parties to
contracts with the Company, including the 1987 Contract, which provide certain
additional pricing flexibility. This percentage includes bottlers which had
 
                                        2
<PAGE>   4
 
entered into amendments to their contracts relating to brand Coca-Cola (the
"1978 Amendment") that provide certain additional pricing flexibility to, and
impose additional marketing obligations on, the Company with respect to
Coca-Cola concentrate and syrup. Under the 1978 Amendment, concentrate or syrup
is sold to the bottler by the Company at a price established in 1978 and
adjusted annually by the Company up to a maximum ceiling price indexed to
reflect increases in the Consumer Price Index from 1978 and, in the case of
syrup, adjusted quarterly based upon changes in the average price per pound of
fine granulated cane and beet sugar in the United States. In the event the
Company modifies the syrup formula to substitute another sweetening ingredient
in whole or in part for sugar, the 1978 Amendment requires the Company to adjust
the pricing formula so as to give the bottler the benefit of any cost savings
realized as a result of such modification.
 
     By December 31, 1993, bottlers in the United States representing
approximately 98% of the Company's one-calorie cola-flavored gallon shipments in
the United States either had entered into the 1987 Contract or had executed an
amendment to their contracts to include under those contracts bottling rights
for all of the Company's one-calorie and caffeine free cola-flavored products in
bottles and cans and to provide formula pricing (based on an initial price for
beverage base or syrup established in 1983, adjusted annually by the Company to
a maximum ceiling price indexed to reflect increases in the Consumer Price Index
and the volume of one-calorie beverage base or syrup sold by the Company and
adjusted quarterly to reflect changes in the price of sweetener) and minimum
marketing obligations on the Company with respect to these products.
 
     In 1979, the Company authorized its bottlers who had agreed to the 1978
Amendment to produce syrup for Coca-Cola from concentrate. This authorization
allows such bottlers to purchase concentrate from the Company and sweetener on
the open market. Bottlers responsible for most of the volume in the United
States purchase sweeteners through the Company under a pass-through arrangement
and, accordingly, related collections from bottlers and payments to suppliers
are not included in the Company's consolidated statements of income.
Approximately 123 bottlers in the United States, representing approximately 95%
of the Company's sugar cola-flavored gallon shipments in the United States,
produce syrup from concentrate (or have the syrup manufactured from concentrate
by an authorized agent) or have notified the Company of their intentions to do
so.
 
     Standard contracts with bottlers in the United States for the sale of
concentrate and syrup for non-cola-flavored products in bottles and cans permit
flexible pricing by the Company.
 
     In the United States, the Company sells syrup to about 1,000 fountain
wholesalers pursuant to a non-exclusive annual letter of appointment, which does
not restrict the pricing of fountain/post-mix syrups by the Company and does not
restrict the territory in which the wholesaler may resell in the United States.
In addition, the Company has contracted in about 259 territories with bottlers
of Coca-Cola for the local bottler to provide certain marketing and operational
services to local retail accounts and to other wholesalers in those territories
that otherwise would be performed by Company employees. Such contracts typically
extend for more than one year's duration.
 
     Standard contracts with bottlers outside the United States for the sale of
concentrate and syrup for Company soft drink products generally do not contain
restrictions on the Company for the pricing of syrup and concentrate and have
stated durations. Outside the United States, with some exceptions, distribution
of the Company's products for sale in cups and glasses is handled through
bottlers, on a non-exclusive basis, under the terms of the bottlers' agreements
with the Company.
 
  The Bottler System
 
     The Company is committed to continuing to strengthen its existing strong
bottler system, as evidenced by the following examples. In April 1993, the
Company purchased majority ownership interests in two bottling companies in
Tennessee along with the rights to purchase the remaining minority interests.
Such ownership interests and a bottling operation in the Netherlands were sold
to Coca-Cola Enterprises in June 1993. The Company received approximately $260
million in cash plus assumption of indebtedness plus carrying costs. Also in
June 1993, the Company acquired a 30% equity interest in Coca-Cola FEMSA, S.A.
de C.V. ("Coca-Cola FEMSA"), a holding company with bottling subsidiaries in the
Valley of Mexico and Mexico's southeastern region, for approximately $195
million. In the third quarter, the Company entered into a joint
 
                                        3
<PAGE>   5
 
venture with Consolidated, establishing Piedmont Coca-Cola Bottling Partnership
("Piedmont"), which will operate certain bottling territories in the Carolinas
acquired from each company. The Company has made a cash contribution of $70
million to the partnership for a 50% ownership interest. Consolidated has
contributed bottling assets valued at approximately $48 million and
approximately $22 million in cash to the partnership for the remaining 50%
interest. Piedmont has purchased assets and stock of certain bottling operations
from the Company for approximately $163 million, which approximated the
Company's carrying costs, and certain bottling assets from Consolidated for
approximately $130 million. The Company beneficially owns a 30% economic
interest and a 23% voting interest in Consolidated. In August 1993, the Company
purchased shares which now constitute a 10% voting interest and an 8.6% equity
interest in Panamerican Beverages, Inc., a holding company with bottling
subsidiaries in Colombia, Brazil and Mexico, for approximately $32 million. See
"Significant Equity Investments and Company Bottling Operations."
 
  Significant Equity Investments and Company Bottling Operations
 
     Over the last decade, bottling investments have represented a significant
portion of the Company's capital investments. The principal objective of these
investments is to ensure strong and efficient production, distribution and
marketing systems in order to maximize long-term growth in volume, cash flows
and share-owner value of the bottler and the Company.
 
     When considered appropriate, the Company makes equity investments in
bottling companies (typically between 20% and 50%). Through these investments,
the Company is able to help focus and improve sales and marketing programs,
assist in the development of effective business and information systems and help
establish capital structures appropriate for these respective operations.
 
     In certain situations, management believes it is advantageous to own a
controlling interest in bottling operations. For example, in 1990 in eastern
Germany, the Company's objective was to establish a modern soft drink business
quickly, which was accomplished through a wholly-owned bottling subsidiary.
 
     The Company's consolidated bottling and fountain/post-mix operations
produced and distributed approximately 16% of worldwide unit case volume and,
together with consolidated canning operations, generated approximately $4.6
billion in revenues in 1993.
 
     The Company also has substantial equity positions in bottlers that
represent approximately 40% of domestic bottling, canning and fountain/post-mix
unit case volume. Equity investee bottlers, including entities in which the
Company holds, or during 1993 held, a temporary majority interest, produced and
distributed approximately 38% of worldwide bottling, canning and
fountain/post-mix unit case volume in 1993.
 
     In restructuring the bottling system, the Company periodically participates
in bottler ownership changes or takes temporary ownership positions in bottlers.
The length of ownership is influenced by various factors, including operational
changes, management changes and the process of identifying appropriate new
investors.
 
     Coca-Cola Enterprises.  The Company's ownership interest in Coca-Cola
Enterprises is approximately 43.5%. On June 30, 1993, Coca-Cola Enterprises
purchased from the Company majority ownership interests in two bottling
companies in Tennessee, along with the rights to purchase the remaining minority
interests, and a bottling operation in the Netherlands. See "The Bottler
System."
 
     Coca-Cola Enterprises is the world's largest bottler of the Company's soft
drink products. Net sales of concentrates and syrups by the Company to Coca-Cola
Enterprises were $961 million in 1993. Coca-Cola Enterprises purchases high
fructose corn syrup (HFCS-55 & HFCS-42) through the Company under a pass-through
arrangement and, accordingly, related collections from Coca-Cola Enterprises and
payments to suppliers are not included in the Company's consolidated statements
of income. Sweetener transactions with Coca-Cola Enterprises amounted to $211
million in 1993. Coca-Cola Enterprises estimates that the territories in which
it markets such soft drink products to retailers (which include portions of 38
states, the District of Columbia, the U.S. Virgin Islands and the Netherlands)
contain approximately 52% of the United States population and 100% of the
population of the Netherlands. Coca-Cola Enterprises is the principal bottler of
products of the Company in the five states in the United States (California,
Florida, Texas, Washington and Virginia) with the largest gains in population
from 1989 to 1993.
 
                                        4
<PAGE>   6
 
     As used herein, the term "equivalent unit case volume" refers to 192 U.S.
ounces of finished beverage product (24 eight-ounce servings).
 
     In 1993, approximately 72% of the equivalent unit case volume of Coca-Cola
Enterprises (excluding products in post-mix form) were Coca-Cola Trademark
Beverages, approximately 17% of its equivalent unit case volume were other soft
drink products of the Company, and approximately 11% of its equivalent unit case
volume were soft drink products of other companies. Coca-Cola Enterprises' net
sales of beverage products were approximately $5.5 billion in 1993.
 
     Coca-Cola Beverages Ltd. ("Coca-Cola Beverages").  The Company owns
approximately 49% of the outstanding common stock of Coca-Cola Beverages.
Coca-Cola Beverages is the largest bottler of the Company's soft drink products
in Canada. Coca-Cola Beverages estimates that the territories in which it
markets soft drink products (which include all or significant portions of each
of Canada's ten provinces) contained approximately 27 million people in 1993, or
approximately 94% of the Canadian population. In 1993, Coca-Cola Beverages' net
sales of beverage products were approximately U.S. $687 million.
 
     In 1993, approximately 68% of the equivalent unit case volume of Coca-Cola
Beverages were Coca-Cola Trademark Beverages, approximately 17% of its
equivalent unit case volume were other soft drink products of the Company and
approximately 15% of its equivalent unit case volume were soft drink products of
other companies.
 
     Coca-Cola Amatil Limited ("Coca-Cola Amatil").  The Company owns
approximately 51% of Coca-Cola Amatil, an Australian-based bottler of Company
products. The Company intends to reduce its ownership interest in Coca-Cola
Amatil to below 50% within the next year. Accordingly, the investment has been
accounted for by the equity method of accounting.
 
     Coca-Cola Amatil is the largest overall bottler, as well as the largest
bottler of the Company's soft drink products, in Australia and also has bottling
and distribution territories, through direct ownership or joint ventures, in New
Zealand, Fiji, Austria, Hungary, Papua New Guinea, the Czech Republic, Slovakia,
Indonesia and Belarus. Coca-Cola Amatil estimates that the territories in which
it markets soft drink products contain approximately 99% of the Australian
population, 100% of the New Zealand and Fiji populations, 80% of the Austrian
population, 100% of the Hungarian population, 84% of the Papua New Guinean
population, 100% of the Czech Republic and Slovakian populations, 92% of the
Indonesian population and 100% of the Belarussian population. In 1993, Coca-Cola
Amatil's net sales of beverage products were approximately U.S. $1,315 million.
In January 1993, Coca-Cola Amatil sold its snack food operation for
approximately U.S. $299 million, and recognized a gain of U.S. $169 million. The
Company's ownership interest in the sale proceeds received by Coca-Cola Amatil
approximated the carrying value of the Company's investment in the snack food
segment.
 
     In 1993, approximately 61% of the equivalent unit case volume of Coca-Cola
Amatil were Coca-Cola Trademark Beverages, approximately 25% of its equivalent
unit case volume were other soft drink products of the Company, approximately
11% of its equivalent unit case volume were soft drink products of Coca-Cola
Amatil and approximately 3% of its equivalent unit case volume were soft drink
products of other companies.
 
     Coca-Cola & Schweppes Beverages Ltd. ("CC&SB").  The Company owns an
approximate 49% interest in CC&SB, the leading marketer of soft drink products
in Great Britain. CC&SB handles bottling and distribution of products of the
Company and Cadbury Schweppes PLC throughout Great Britain. In 1993, CC&SB's net
sales of beverage products were approximately $1.1 billion.
 
     In 1993, approximately 54% of the equivalent unit case volume of CC&SB were
Coca-Cola Trademark Beverages, approximately 10% of its equivalent unit case
volume were other soft drink products of the Company, approximately 35% of its
equivalent unit case volume were soft drink products of Cadbury Schweppes PLC
and approximately 1% of its equivalent unit case volume were soft drink products
of other companies.
 
     CCNR.  In 1991, the Company and Nestle S.A. formed CCNR, which is equally
owned by the Company and Nestle S.A. CCNR was created in order to manufacture
and sell concentrates and beverage
 
                                        5
<PAGE>   7
 
bases to third parties, including some bottlers of the Company's soft drink
products, for the production and distribution of ready-to-drink coffee, tea and
chocolate beverages on a worldwide basis, except for Japan. The Company and
Nestle S.A. have contributed approximately $35 million each. It is expected that
capitalization will eventually total approximately $50 million each.
 
     CCNR launched its first product, a ready-to-drink canned coffee marketed
under the NESCAFE brand, in Korea in September 1991. In January 1992, CCNR
launched its first products in the United States, NESTEA sweetened iced tea with
lemon flavor and diet NESTEA iced tea with lemon flavor, sold through Company
bottlers in all fifty states. Subsequently, additional flavors of NESTEA iced
tea have been added in the United States, as well as post-mix NESTEA syrups
which are sold through authorized Coca-Cola fountain/post-mix wholesalers.
 
     As of early 1994, CCNR had also launched NESTEA iced tea flavors in Taiwan,
Italy, Korea, Belgium, Spain, Germany, Canada and Switzerland. NESCAFE
ready-to-drink coffee is also available in Taiwan, Hong Kong and Macau.
 
     Coca-Cola FEMSA.  On June 21, 1993, the Company, through its indirect
subsidiary, The Inmex Corporation, entered into a joint venture with Fomento
Economico Mexicano, S.A. de C.V. ("FEMSA"), the largest "food, beverage and
tobacco" company listed on the Mexican Stock Exchange (Bolsa Mexicana de
Valores). The Company invested approximately $195 million in exchange for a 30%
equity interest in Coca-Cola FEMSA, a Mexican holding company with bottling
subsidiaries in the Valley of Mexico and in Mexico's southeastern region.
 
     In September 1993, a wholly owned subsidiary of FEMSA sold shares of Series
L common stock of Coca-Cola FEMSA in a registered public offering in Mexico
while simultaneously offering in the United States and elsewhere American
Depository Shares ("ADSs"). As a result, Coca-Cola FEMSA's Series L shares are
now listed and traded on the Mexican Stock Exchange and the ADSs are listed and
traded on the New York Stock Exchange. The sale represented a 19% equity
interest in Coca-Cola FEMSA; the remaining 51% is held by FEMSA. The Company
continues to hold its 30% interest.
 
     Other Bottling Interests.  The Company holds an indirect 32% equity
interest in The Philadelphia Coca-Cola Bottling Company. In January 1994, the
Company sold common stock representing a 9% voting interest and a 4% economic
interest in The Coca-Cola Bottling Company of New York, Inc. ("CCNY") to
Coca-Cola Enterprises for approximately $6 million thereby reducing its voting
and economic ownership interest in CCNY to 49%, consistent with its stated
intention of ending temporary control after completing certain organizational
changes. In total, including the bottling operations discussed herein, the
Company holds ownership positions in approximately 35 unconsolidated bottling,
canning and distribution operations for its products worldwide.
 
  Seasonality
 
     Soft drink sales are somewhat seasonal, with the second and third calendar
quarters accounting for the highest sales volumes in the Northern Hemisphere.
The volume of sales in the soft drink business may be affected by weather
conditions.
 
  Competition
 
     The commercial beverages industry, of which the soft drink business is a
part, is competitive. The soft drink business itself is highly competitive. In
many parts of the world in which the Company does business, demand for soft
drinks is growing at the expense of other commercial beverages. Advertising and
sales promotional programs, product innovation, increased efficiency in
production techniques, the introduction of new packaging, new vending and
dispensing equipment and brand and trademark development and protection are
important competitive factors.
 
  Raw Materials
 
     The principal raw material used by the soft drink industry in the United
States is high fructose corn syrup (HFCS-55), a form of sugar, which is
available from numerous domestic sources and is historically subject to
 
                                        6
<PAGE>   8
 
fluctuations in its market price. The principal raw material used by the soft
drink industry outside the United States is sucrose. The Company has a
specialized sweetener procurement staff and has not experienced any difficulties
in obtaining its requirements. In the United States and certain other countries,
the Company has authorized the use of HFCS-55 in syrup for Coca-Cola and allied
products for use in both fountain/post-mix syrup and product in bottles and
cans.
 
     Another raw material used by the soft drink industry is aspartame, a
sweetening agent used in low-calorie soft drink products. Generally, raw
materials utilized by the Company in its soft drink business are readily
available from numerous sources. However, aspartame, which is usually used alone
or in combination with saccharin in the Company's one-calorie soft drink
products, is currently purchased by the Company for use in the United States
from The NutraSweet Company, a subsidiary of Monsanto Company. While The
NutraSweet Company is also a major worldwide supplier of aspartame to the
Company, other suppliers of aspartame are utilized in certain countries outside
of the United States.
 
FOODS
 
  General Business Description
 
     The Company's Foods Business Sector is an operating unit which includes
Coca-Cola Foods, with operations in the United States, Canada and Puerto Rico.
Coca-Cola Foods, a division of the Company, is the world's largest marketer and
distributor of juice and juice drink products. In North America, Coca-Cola Foods
manufactures and markets the following products: Minute Maid chilled
ready-to-serve and frozen concentrated citrus and variety juices, lemonades and
fruit punches; Minute Maid shelf-stable ready-to-serve juice and juice drink
products in single and multi-serve containers; Five Alive refreshment beverages;
Bright & Early breakfast beverages; Bacardi tropical fruit mixers, which are
manufactured and marketed under a license from Bacardi & Company Limited; and
Hi-C brand ready-to-serve fruit drinks in single and multi-serve containers.
 
     Both directly and through a network of brokers, Coca-Cola Foods products
are sold to retailers and wholesalers in North America and to military
commissaries and exchanges in the United States and abroad. Outside North
America, Coca-Cola Foods provides both technical and marketing assistance to
other units of the Company relating to the production and marketing of branded
juice and juice drink products.
 
     Minute Maid Foodservice, a division of Coca-Cola Foods, provides airlines,
restaurants, hotels, colleges, hospitals and other institutions with a full line
of juice and juice drink products and specialty dairy products. Minute Maid
Foodservice manufactures and distributes foodservice juice products under the
Minute Maid, Hi-C and other trademarks.
 
     In 1993, Coca-Cola Foods achieved record results for both volume and
operating income and widened its leadership in the juice and juice drink
category. Operating income grew 13% to $127 million. Volume increased 16% as
aggressive pricing and marketing drove strong gains across all lines of
business. Minute Maid orange juice volume was up 18% while volume of other
juices and juice drink products was up 14%.
 
  Product Line Development
 
     During 1993, Coca-Cola Foods began the national rollout of Minute Maid
Naturals, a line of shelf-stable juice and juice drink products packaged in
multi-serve PET bottles. The rollout followed a successful test market of these
products, which were developed to increase the presence of the Minute Maid
trademark in the shelf-stable category.
 
     Coca-Cola Foods also successfully introduced in 1993 frozen and chilled
versions of Minute Maid cranberry lemonade and raspberry lemonade. In
conjunction with increased marketing efforts, these products helped to generate
a 9% increase in the division's lemonade and fruit punch volume.
 
     The division also introduced a 128 ounce plastic bottle for Hi-C fruit
drinks, which capitalized on the strength of larger sizes in this line of
business. Hi-C multi-serve volume during the year increased 11% as this package
generated incremental volume growth to the business.
 
                                        7
<PAGE>   9
 
     Minute Maid In-The-Box volume grew 20% as a result of lower prices,
significant distribution increases and the successful launch of Minute Maid
Berry Punch in this package.
 
     In conjunction with Coca-Cola Enterprises and other Coca-Cola bottlers,
Coca-Cola Foods continued to generate significant volume increases for Minute
Maid Juices To Go, which are juice and juice drink products packaged in
single-serve bottles and cans and sold through a variety of distribution
channels, including vending machines. Volume for Minute Maid Juices To Go grew
160% due to increased availability and strong marketing support. The products
are currently available nationwide.
 
  Seasonality
 
     Demand for juice and juice drink products does not fluctuate in any
significant manner throughout the calendar year.
 
  Competition
 
     The juice and juice drink products manufactured, marketed and distributed
by Coca-Cola Foods face strong competition from other producers of regionally
and nationally advertised brands of juice and juice drink products. Significant
competitive factors include advertising and trade promotion programs, new
product introductions, new and more efficient production and distribution
methods, new packaging and dispensing equipment, and brand and trademark
development and protection.
 
  Raw Materials
 
     The citrus industry is subject to the variability of weather conditions, in
particular the possibility of freezes in central Florida, which may result in
higher prices and lower consumer demand for orange juice throughout the
industry. Due to the Company's long-standing relationship with a supplier of
high-quality Brazilian orange juice concentrate, the supply of juice available
that meets the Company's standards is normally adequate to meet demand.
 
PATENTS, TRADE SECRETS, TRADEMARKS AND COPYRIGHTS
 
     The Company is the owner of numerous patents, copyrights and trade secrets,
as well as substantial know-how and technology (hereinafter referred to as
"technology"), which relate to its products and the processes for their
production, the packages used for its products, the design and operation of
various processes and equipment used in its business and certain quality
assurance and financial software. Some of the technology is licensed to
suppliers and other parties. The Company's soft drink and other beverage
formulae are among the important trade secrets of the Company.
 
     Trademarks are very important to the Company's business. Depending upon the
jurisdiction, trademarks are valid as long as they are in use and/or their
registrations are properly maintained and they have not been found to have
become generic. Registrations of trademarks in the United States can generally
be renewed indefinitely as long as the trademarks are in use. The majority of
the Company's trademark license agreements are included in the Company's bottler
agreements. The Company has registered and licenses the right to use its
trademarks in conjunction with certain merchandise other than soft drinks.
 
GOVERNMENTAL REGULATION
 
     The production, distribution and sale in the United States of many of the
Company's products are subject to the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act; the
Occupational Safety and Health Act; the Lanham Act; various environmental
statutes; and various other Federal, state and local statutes regulating the
production, sale, safety, advertising, labeling and ingredients of such
products.
 
     On January 6, 1993, the United States Food and Drug Administration (the
"FDA") published new labeling requirements for all food products, with a
compliance deadline set for May 8, 1994. The Company does not expect the rules
to have any significant impact on its products nor does the Company expect
 
                                        8
<PAGE>   10
 
compliance to have any material adverse effect upon the Company's capital
expenditures, net income or competitive position.
 
     A California law, enacted in 1986 by ballot initiative, requires that any
person who exposes another to a carcinogen or a reproductive toxicant must
provide a warning to that effect. Because the law does not define quantitative
thresholds below which a warning is not required, virtually all food
manufacturers are confronted with the possibility of having to provide warnings
on their food products due to the presence of trace amounts of defined
substances. Regulations implementing the law exempt manufacturers from providing
the required warning if it can be demonstrated that the defined substances occur
naturally in the product or are present in municipal water used to manufacture
the product. The Company has assessed the impact of the law and its implementing
regulations on its soft drink products and other products and has concluded that
none of its products currently requires a warning under the law. The Company
cannot predict whether, or to what extent, food industry efforts to minimize the
law's impact on foods will succeed; nor can the Company predict what impact,
either in terms of direct costs or diminished sales, imposition of the law will
have.
 
     Bottlers of the Company's soft drink products presently offer
non-refillable containers in almost all areas of the United States and Canada.
Many such bottlers also offer refillable containers. Measures have been enacted
in certain localities and are currently in effect in nine states prohibiting the
sale of certain beverages unless a deposit is charged for the container. Similar
proposals have been introduced in other states and localities and in past
sessions of Congress, and it is anticipated that similar legislation will be
introduced in the current session of Congress.
 
     All of the Company's facilities in the United States are subject to
federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations. Compliance with
these provisions has not had, and the Company does not expect such compliance to
have, any material adverse effect upon the Company's capital expenditures, net
income or competitive position.
 
EMPLOYEES
 
     As of December 31, 1993, the Company and its subsidiaries employed nearly
34,000 persons, of whom nearly 10,500 are located in the United States. The
Company, through its divisions and subsidiaries, has entered into numerous
collective bargaining agreements, and the Company has no reason to believe it
will not be able to renegotiate any such agreements on satisfactory terms. The
Company believes that its relations with its employees are generally
satisfactory.
 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION ON INDUSTRY SEGMENTS AND GEOGRAPHIC AREAS
 
     For financial information on industry segments and operations in geographic
areas, see pages 69 and 70 of the Annual Report to Share Owners for the year
ended December 31, 1993, which are incorporated herein by reference.